The temperature okay back there?
Is it. uh. too cold or too hot. or--
Temperature's fine. Just fucking drive.
House cameras are down.
See y'all on the other side.
Yes. sir.
Eye in the sky. in position.
They tell you whose house this is?
Mm-mmm.
Yeah. me neither.
Hmm. let's go.
How do I look?
Ah. fuck.
So. you got a boyfriend
or something like that?
♪ Every time you drive by ♪
♪ You don't ever ask why ♪
♪ You know I got paper
'Cause I'm a D-Boy ♪
♪ You my B-Girl. glamorous lifestyle ♪
♪ You wanna live life ♪
♪ With a rich rock star ♪
Front door is clear.
We're in.
Tiny Dancer is arriving.
Hey! No one said it was a kid.
What? No one said that?
It's a fucking kid.
You wanna walk? Walk.
Yeah. that's what I thought.
Get in position. You. over there.
Hi!
It was good.
Yeah.
I had fun.
Yeah. I think so.
No. not yet.
Yeah.
Yeah. it's fine.
Okay. Bye!
Fuck!
Help me! Somebody help me!
Help!
Oh. fuck!
Little bitch!
Incoming.
Could be the father.
Fuck. that's not part of the plan.
Shit.
Ten seconds until they at the door.
Should I take the shot?
Negative.
We'll be out in nine.
Good luck.
Abigail?
Need a new pickup.
Back gate.
On it.
All right.
I think we're in the clear.
Ah. fuck!
Open the gate. assholes.
All right. kids.
We're not out of the woods yet.
Still gotta get out of the city.
She okay?
Yep. she's good.
- Blindfold.
- Here.
Jesus!
Let me see.
- Fuck.
- It's not too bad.
Thank you.
You grab me like that again.
I may have to respond.
Understood.
Okay. there's cameras
at this intersection.
Take a left down the alley
before the light.
- Did you hear me?
- Yep.
- Not bad.
- I know. right?
What's your name. anyway?
Hey. No names. You know the fucking rules.
All clear from here to the destination.
All right. Y'all might wanna
hold on to something.
It's about to get real
accelerated in this bitch.
Yeah. baby!
We did that shit. y'all! Home free.
♪ I know you see me right here
Every time you drive by ♪
♪ But truth to admit
You don I ever ask why ♪
♪ You know I got paper
'Cause I'm a D-Boy ♪
♪ You my B-Girl. glamorous lifestyle ♪
♪ Rocks on the wrist
Big dreams. nice cars ♪
♪ You wanna live life
With a rich rock star ♪
What the fuck?
Hello.
What's up. boss?
- You made good time.
- Mmm.
Whose house is this?
This place is pretty sweet.
You like this?
- Yeah. Look at all this cool shit.
- Hmm.
Find a room and get the girl situated.
Set up a lookout position.
Meet back here in five.
For those of you who don't know.
I go by Lambert.
You all came highly recommended.
And so far. those recommendations
are paying off.
All right. Sweet dreams. Okay.
You know the rules.
No real names. no backstories.
And keep the grab-ass to a minimum.
It's a 24-hour job.
and the hard part is already over.
Now. you babysit.
But the only one
that sees the girl is this one.
So she only hears one voice.
The rest of you. get comfortable.
Questions?
- Yeah. Who's the girl?
- You don't need to know her name.
I don't care about her name.
Whose kid is she?
The fuck's that matter to you?
A very wealthy man
who's about to be $50 million poorer.
Look. you're safe here.
And to be completely certain
that you can't be tracked.
I'm going to collect your cell phones.
Nobody's tracking me.
We're not taking any chances.
Give 'em over.
In the bag.
Bullshit. man.
One second.
I just gotta send this real quick.
Just--
Thank you. Just-- Okay.
Thank you.
Keep the doors locked.
And the girl isolated.
Anything else I can do for you.
before I leave you to it?
Uh. how come
we can't use our real names?
So if any of you fucks get caught.
you can't rat out the others.
Yeah. dumb-ass.
You asked the same question in the van.
You want names? Fine.
Frank. Dean. Sammy. Peter.
- Peter?
- Joey. And--
Damn! The man got his finger
on the pulse of pop culture.
And you're Don fucking Rickles. You happy?
Not really.
Who the fuck is Don Rickles. man?
There's clean bedding
and lit fires in the rooms.
Kitchen's fully stocked. So is the bar.
See you in 24 hours.
my lovely pack of rats.
Rats?
How come he called us rats?
Man. this place is dope. right?
No. No. it's not. Thank you.
Come have a drink with us. Joey.
Gotta go check on the kid soon.
Maybe after.
No party poopers allowed anyway.
Hey. Who do you guys think that.
uh. this girl's father is?
Hmm. some tech billionaire.
Nah. Probably real estate.
Nah. you don't get a house like that
without being into some shit.
Weapons. drugs. human trafficking.
What about you. Joey?
Who you think he is?
America's dad. Tom Hanks.
Ha ha.
Let me get a piece of that candy.
Get your own.
Fuck you too.
You grew up with a bunch
of brothers and sisters. huh?
- I'm like an expert at reading people.
- Oh. really?
Mm-hmm.
You're like a nanny or babysitter
looking after that kid.
Your man here's a bagman
for that dude who let us in the door.
Lookout/private security.
Explosives man in the back.
And little teenage runaway hacker.
turned black hat for the feds.
Wow.
You might be the least perceptive person
I've ever met.
How the fuck would you know that?
You literally got nothing right.
About anyone.
Pretty sure she ran away from home.
A crisp $100 bill
you can tell me one true thing about me.
Pass.
Mm-hmm.
Told y'all she ain't know shit.
And now. for all you
lost souls out there
trying to make it through the night...
- You used to be a cop.
- No way.
...this one's for you.
Did he arrest you or something?
No. It's the stance.
The walk. The shoes.
Not to mention the standard issue Glock.
the shoulder holster.
and he used police hand signals
back at the house.
Not a street cop.
No. Too smart.
You need to be in control.
So I'm gonna say detective.
Homicide or Vice.
And he tries to hide it.
but he's from Queens.
Probably only been up here a few years.
Hey. uh--
You do me too?
Huh? Right here.
I almost feel bad taking this.
'Cause you basically got a fucking neon
sign over your head that reads "muscle."
Quebec. right?
You got bullied in school?
Probably by Dad too.
So when you got bigger than everyone else.
you turned the tables.
Made it into a career.
How much will this get me?
Wow. really? A twenty?
That's cheap.
considering you come from money.
That's true.
Which means you're only
in this for the kicks.
You don't get your hands dirty.
You use a keyboard instead of a gun
and tell yourself that makes
what you do not as bad.
Good luck when the illusion wears off.
Very good.
No cash.
Mmm.
Then I'll just leave it at semper fi.
And you're getting off easy.
Hold on. now. You forgot about me.
You don't want me to do you.
What you mean? This is fun.
You're not a professional.
I'm the best motherfuckin'
wheelman in this town.
I didn't say you weren't good.
I said you're not a professional.
You've got loose wiring.
Probably a sociopath.
And you are a junkie.
Cop knows a junkie.
Your little candy affectation.
Long sleeves.
The way you don't wanna
have a drink with us.
You in recovery or something?
How many days you got?
- We gotta be worried about you?
- No.
No?
Don't ever fuck with me.
I will know.
I'm gonna go check on the girl.
I knew it! Junkies never share candy.
What's happening?
How are you feeling?
Where am I? Who are you?
I can't tell you that.
- I wanna go home.
- Me too.
But we can't just yet.
Hopefully very soon.
Can you take the blindfold off?
It's really tight.
Are the cuffs hurting you?
My arms are sore.
Sit up.
Thanks.
Better?
What's going on?
We're keeping you here
until your father gives us some money.
Do you know who my father is?
No. And we don't wanna know.
so don't tell me.
Can I--
Are you hungry?
I could bring you something to eat.
Are you gonna hurt me?
No.
If you behave and do as we say.
and if your dad gives us money.
you'll be fine.
In the meantime.
I'm here to keep you safe and comfortable.
Can you promise me you're not
gonna let anybody hurt me?
I'll do you one better.
I pinkie promise you
that I'm not gonna let anyone hurt you.
What's your name?
Um-- Oh. you can call me Joey.
Do you have any kids?
I have a little boy. About your age.
What's his name? Mine's Abigail.
I can't tell you his name.
Can I make one up?
I'd rather you didn't.
I'm just gonna call him Justin.
What's Justin like?
He's...
just a normal kid.
What does he like?
Just normal kid stuff.
I don't really know about kid stuff.
My dad. well--
He thought he wanted a child.
but then he just lost interest.
You've made a mistake.
He doesn't care about me.
I'm gonna leave you alone now.
I'll be back soon.
Really soon. okay?
Okay.
Joey?
Yeah?
I'm sorry about
what's gonna happen to you.
Yeah. motherfucker!
- Whoa!
- Drink. bitch!
I really don't want to.
Oh. my God.
I like your tattoos.
- Mm-hmm.
- Do they have a meaning. or--
We're not supposed to
get personal. big boy.
I know.
but I like your little demon guy.
I just said it's too personal.
Thank you. You don't even
know my name. man.
- How's the kid?
- She's fine.
Look. I don't need to know
who the girl's father is.
but do you know?
No. why?
She just implied that her father
might be a particularly violent man.
Well. she implied that. did she? Well--
Of course she fucking implied that.
She's scared. She wants to rattle you.
I don't think so.
Again. do you know who her father is?
Oh. my God. You're gonna be
a real pain in my ass. aren't you?
There's one in every crew.
No. sir.
I just don't scare easy.
so when I do. I pay attention.
Yes! I like that one.
You're just missing so you have
to finish the whole bottle. aren't you?
I don't know why you would say that.
Oh. that's bad.
Ha!
I like you. You're scary though.
- Scary? Why am I scary?
- Yeah.
Ha!
You're funny.
- Your turn.
- I don't have a quarter. man!
Oh. fuck!
Shi-- Fucking Christ!
Look away! Don't fucking look at me!
You see my face?
You see my fucking face. huh?
- Are you lying to me?
- No.
- You fucking lying to me?
- Don't lie to me!
- I'm not!
What color are my eyes?
It's a simple fucking question. kid.
I didn't see your face.
Well-- Good!
Who the fuck is your father?
J-- Joey said you didn't wanna know.
Well. fuck Joey! I do wanna know.
Who the fuck is your father?
Okay. I-- I'm sorry.
- Who is your father?
- My father is...
Kristof Lazaar.
What the fuck did you say?
Yo. What's going on. bagman?
I'm leaving.
- What?
- You heard me.
You cut up my share however you want.
I'm out.
Whoa. Hey!
What happened?
Hey! You can't just leave
without telling us what's going on.
What's going on?
What's going on is that we are fucked.
That little girl
is Kristof Lazaar's daughter.
Shit.
Who's Kristof Lazaar?
Who's Lazaar?
Bro. that's a urban legend. man.
Calm down.
No. dude.
He's not a fucking urban legend.
He is very fucking real. Believe me.
Nobody even knows how big
his fucking empire is.
So he's like a crime boss?
He controls a lot more than just crime.
Is Lambert fucking insane?
He just put a death mark on all of us.
including himself.
What if we just. like-- you know. like.
give her back and say sorry?
Oh. yeah.
"Here's your daughter.
Mister—fucking-Antichrist.
We're really sorry.
Hope she's not too traumatized.
Let's play a round of golf sometime."
Fuck you. Frank.
This isn't the time for sarcasm. okay?
Let's just leave.
We leave her with some food.
make an anonymous phone call.
get the fuck out of Dodge.
I like that.
- It's not like she's seen our faces.
- Uh. actually. she has. thanks to you.
I was supposed to be the only one
in and out of that room.
And I wore my mask.
Well. I didn't. so I walk in there
to see Angelina Ballerina
memorizing my fucking face!
Major party foul.
Why did you take off her blindfold. Joey?
That's messy.
- Now we have to kill her.
- Not a fucking chance.
We're not killing the girl.
But she saw Frank's face.
Even if Lazaar catches up to him.
he don't know shit about us.
He knows that I'm Quebecois. Huh?
He knows that Sammy comes from money.
He knows that you come from
a military background. thanks to Joey.
Just had to do your little magic trick.
didn't you?
Hold up.
If we just leave her here.
then we don't get none of that money?
Kinda need some money real bad right now.
I don't know about y'all.
How much do you trust Lambert?
I trust him enough.
That doesn't make it
worth the risk though.
If seven million per person
isn't worth the risk. then what is?
It's a lot of money.
He wouldn't have had us kidnap the kid
if he didn't think we could pull this off.
So maybe we all just pretend
like we don't know who her father is.
and with the money we're making from this.
we just disappear forever. Hmm?
Start a new life. I never have to see
any of you fucks ever again.
Everyone stay alert.
Any threat is gonna come from outside.
so we set a perimeter and we hold it.
Rickles takes first watch
in the crow's nest.
Joey. secure the interior.
Look for any ways in or out.
What is it. like. 22 more hours. hmm?
Twenty-two hours.
Fuck.
What a dick.
I thought I heard someone out here.
I'm not as stealthy as I thought.
Wanna come in?
I sort of have this reputation
of being a professional. so--
So you have to do your job.
Hey. listen.
I don't trust any of these other fucks.
So let's watch each other's backs.
I was thinking the same thing.
I'm that hungry little kitty cat
you just read about.
I'm so hungry
I could eat a-- a woodpecker.
Yeah. that's it.
Oh. my God! What the fuck?
It's all right!
It's me. it's Dean. It's Dean.
- I'm sorry.
- What the fuck. Dean?
- Just was trying to prank you. I'm sorry.
- It's not funny.
- You can have it.
- Get out!
Listen. I saw the way you was lookin'
at me earlier.
and I thought we could just.
like. you know. vibe out.
- Get the fuck out!
- Yo!
- I'm not looking at you. man.
- Whoa. whoa.
- Get the fuck out!
- Wait. wait!
Stupid motherfucker! God!
- I didn't mean to scare you.
- I don't give a shit!
- Are you sure?
- Fuck off!
Get the fuck out!
Go! Get the fuck out!
Get out!
Don't come back!
Now. my fine pigeon...
...I'm going to pick you dry.
What the fuck?
Hello?
Is someone down there?
What the fuck?
Scared the shit out of me.
little motherfuckers.
Man. fuck this shit.
Oh. shit!
Help me! Help!
You're just in time for dinner.
Yeah?
What're you gonna have for dinner?
Help me!
Dean?
Dean. you better not be
fucking with me again.
Hey!
Ah. stupid.
You little shit! I can't--
Sammy?
Wh-- What happened?
His head fell off.
I don't know.
Why do you have a dick on your face?
What?
Just go get them.
- Go get them!
- Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Help! Help!
What the fuck were you doing
down here. anyway?
I couldn't sleep. I heard something.
What. you just had to come
check it out. huh?
You think I could do that?
Be honest.
What does that look like to you?
It looks like a fuckin' wild animal
ripped him apart.
No-- No. No. I'm not--
We're not fuckin' goin' there.
Oh. fuck.
Why are you all acting so weird?
There are stories about Lazaar's hit man.
Can we not do this. please?
Valdez.
I heard a story once.
Three of Lazaar's top guys
got pinched a few years ago.
FBI flipped 'em.
Night before the trial. they were all
holed up on the top floor of a hotel.
A dozen agents in the next room
and two on the door.
Next morning. FBI goes into the room.
All they bodies are ripped apart.
Limbs and organs missing.
Decapitations.
That's his signature. Valdez.
He's a fuckin' animal.
There was no way in and out of that room
except for the front door
or the 23rd-story window.
So how'd he do it?
- Bullshit.
- It's not fucking bullshit.
That's not the first time
I heard that story.
We'd better check on the girl.
All right. let's game this out.
If Valdez or anyone else is in here.
that means Lambert gave us up.
And I don't buy that.
Or Lazaar got to him
and beat our location out of him.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Lambert is a meticulous motherfucker.
He's very. very careful.
If he gave us up.
that means either one of us did it.
or Valdez is in here and he did it.
Or one of us is Valdez.
I for one would like to revisit
the "cut and run" idea.
Yeah. but.
Wrinkles. now that Dean is dead.
we have a bigger share.
You're welcome to my share. Pete.
You could be the richest
headless man in America.
Okay.
- He just died.
- Okay.
That's so messed up.
Hello?
She's fine.
Just because she's still in there
doesn't mean that Valdez is not here.
I'm out.
You coming?
Suit yourself.
- You're leaving?
- Bye-bye.
Bye. Wrinkles.
Come on.
Rickles.
Hey!
Where the fuck did that come from?
What the fuck?
Wrinkles. Stand back.
It's locked.
Thanks. Peter.
Uh...
What the fuck is happening?
I think that trying the door.
it-- it triggered it or something.
Fuck.
This whole thing is a trap.
Shit!
Wrinkles! Where's--
Hey. Where's Wrinkles going?
If this is Valdez.
maybe he checked on the girl
and left her there to throw us off.
I'll see what I can find out.
What the fuck?
I need to ask you something.
Has anyone besides me and the man
with the glasses been in here?
- No.
- No one at all?
No.
Hey.
Can you pinkie promise me
that you're not keeping a secret?
Abigail.
- He's gonna hurt me.
- Who?
The man with the glasses.
He told me I had to keep a secret
or he'd hurt me.
What did he say?
It's okay. You can tell me.
Abigail. Hey.
I'm not gonna let him hurt you.
But I need you to tell me what he said.
He said he works for my father.
He said his name was...
Valdez.
I need to talk to you right now.
I'll be right outside.
- What?
- Someone stole my fucking rifle.
Frank is Valdez.
- What?
- He told the girl.
Frank wanted to leave.
That doesn't make any sense.
He acted like he wanted to leave.
If he's Valdez and Lazaar's his boss.
then why kidnap his kid?
Maybe he and Lambert are planning
a power play.
That skinny motherfucker
rips people apart?
Something doesn't add up.
Aside from Frank.
these guys are amateurs.
- You're Army. right?
- Medic.
We can take 'em.
If it's Frank.
he'll know how to get out.
Which means so would I
if I spend about six minutes with him.
You take the other two.
Take the main staircase
while I go south.
We meet in the middle.
We gonna get through this.
I have to.
You have a kid?
We'll make sure you get home.
Rickles?
So fucking disgusting.
God! What the fuck?
Where's Frank?
Don't point that at Sammy. Joey.
Seen Frank?
House this fancy. you'd think
they could put fucking towels in the--
Oh. Hey. Joey. What's going on?
Why'd you do it?
- Do what?
- Bring us here to kill us.
Don't do it. Peter!
I don't know what the fuck
you're talking about.
but you don't sound very calm right now.
Little Miss Paranoid.
so forgive the precaution.
You guys know what the fuck
she's talking about?
I think she thinks
that you brought us here to kill us.
Wow. Fantastic insight. Peter.
Care to share what's on your mind. Joey?
You're Valdez.
You told the girl. You killed Dean.
and you just killed Rickles.
Mr. Wrinkles is dead?
- I didn't tell that girl shit.
- Bullshit.
Wow. You got a lot going on
up there. junkie.
but your brain's not quite
putting it together. huh?
You let a little girl get
inside your head?
You're not as smart as you think you are.
The girl. though?
She's fucking inspired.
turning us against each other like this.
I believe her.
Well. I hate to say it. but I think
we're gonna have to get rough with her.
No.
I'll do it.
Don't take another fucking step. Peter.
It-- It's my job. Joey.
Look. I just want to get
to the bottom of this. you know?
My team is dropping like flies.
and. well. our guest
has besmirched my good name.
and I take that very personally. you know?
Abigail?
I'm very sorry. okay?
Ow!
- Joey. what's happening?
- Just sorting something out.
I'm just trying to do my job. huh?
Fucking put it down.
I'd really prefer not
to have to fucking shoot you.
- What is he talking about?
- Get up.
Frank. just shoot her.
She's not gonna kill me.
I might be wrong. Frank.
- Joey. I'm scared.
- Fucking put it down.
- Not fucking around here.
- You promised. Joey.
I'm doing my best here. Abigail.
Please point that somewhere else.
You're not touching that girl.
- Okay.
- Put it the fuck down.
Sammy. a little help would be nice.
Don't pull Sammy into this.
- We need to know what she knows.
- Just let me fucking talk to her.
- No. no. I'll talk to her.
- Peter. You step the fuck back.
Guys?
Put it down.
or you can die right fucking now.
- Guys. come on.
- Don't fucking try me.
Guys!
Sammy! Shut the fuck up!
What the fuck?
How the fuck she get out of those cuffs?
Huh?
- Hon fuck!
- Get her off of me!
Jesus fucking Christ.
- What the fuck?
- Did-- Did she get me?
What the fuck?
Oh. fuck.
No! No. no. no. No fucking way!
What the fuck?
What the fuck is that?
We kidnapped a fucking vampire.
A ballerina vampire.
Someone has been messing with us
ever since we got here. right?
It's gotta be. uh. some kind of trick.
I don't know anyone that could
pull off a trick like that. Do you?
- I feel sick.
- At least Valdez isn't in here.
The fucking girl is Valdez. you moron!
I thought her name was Abigail.
She is-- There isn't a--
Jesus fucking Christ.
Shit. we gotta get out of here.
- There's gotta be another way.
- No. I checked all the other doors.
These are some kind
of magnetically sealed locks.
and these shutters are two inches thick.
- You think you can hack the locks?
- With what Internet?
I don't-- You can't do it manually?
Well. even if I could.
I don't have any equipment.
You know. there's gotta be. like.
a control room or something.
Okay. What do we know about vampires?
That they're not real.
What are we talking about?
Like Anne Rice or True Blood?
You know. Twilight?
Very different kind of vampires.
- Okay. we know they feed off blood.
- We're really doing this right now?
- They can turn other people into vampires.
- Wow. Okay. fuck it.
Um. they can turn into bats
and stuff like that.
- Mind control. They make you do shit.
- They don't have a reflection.
- Not listening to this.
- Okay. how do we kill a vampire?
- Garlic.
- A stake through the heart.
Crucifixes.
- Holy water.
- You're a fucking priest now?
Daylight is a big one.
Oh. that's a good one. but it's.
mmm. 3:30 in the fucking morning.
Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.
Shut the fuck up--
Hey. Dum-dum.
We got a real fucking situation here.
So I don't give a shit what you think.
Either you're helping us
or you're 270 pounds of dead weight.
Which is it?
Helping.
Just don't do that again.
There's pool cues in the game room.
Go sharpen 'em into stakes.
Okay.
You. go check the kitchen for garlic.
Alone?
- Yes. alone.
- Yep.
What are you thinking?
I say we tool up and we kill her.
That's a mistake.
You said it yourself. this girl is smart.
She's been manipulating us from the start.
We don't know
if any of this stuff is gonna work.
And even if it does. killing her would be
the stupidest thing we could do.
And why is that?
Because we lose
the only bargaining chip we have.
- Well. what do you suggest?
- We trade her to Lazaar for our lives.
No. I'm not betting our lives
on your fucking hunch.
I'm telling you.
she's gonna see you coming.
No. Debate is over. Decision made. Okay?
I got 'em!
Sammy. those are fuckin' onions.
Well...
I don't cook. I don't know.
All right.
let's go kill us a fuckin' vampire.
Good luck.
Oh. I'm not going. I already told you why.
And if you put your hand around my neck.
you'll lose it.
I'm not gonna touch you.
Go put your feet up.
You two. on me.
Let's hit the kitchen first.
Fucking onions.
Fuck.
Let's fucking go.
What the fuck?
What's happening?
Let's-- Let's just talk.
- Fuck!
- Holy shit!
Fucking-- Help me. you fuckers!
Oh. fuck!
Oh. Jesus!
Oh. Christ!
You're so bloody! So gross!
Jesus. Mary
and motherfucking son of a bitch.
Oh. fuck!
If you fucking say. “I told you so."
Oh. shit!
Wait. wait. wait--
Motherfucker!
- Why didn't she kill you?
- She is fucking with us.
Oh. fuck!
I'm guessing none of those weapons worked.
Well. the stake worked on my fucking leg.
and she used the crucifix
on Peter like a fucking pincushion.
and the garlic did fuck all.
Well. I have one thing
we know does work.
When I jabbed her with this.
she was out out.
If we can corner her. it's nighty-night.
- The Sleeping Beauty act was bullshit.
- No. it wasn't.
I checked her pulse
and her breathing was slow and steady.
We split up.
Whoever finds her first
alerts me through the comms.
and I come running with the syringe.
That's great that you're the only one
with a weapon that works.
Listen. you sit here and bleed.
or you trust me.
Yeah. Sammy?
Okay.
Fuck.
Check in.
All's clear on the east side.
Nothing on two... yet.
There's no vampires here.
Not that I'm actually looking.
Channel's still open. dickface.
Put that fucking bottle down
and fucking do something.
Can she turn into a rat?
'Cause I might be looking right at her.
Maybe she can join the pack.
Oh. now I get it.
I get the-- I get the name now.
I get it. The Rat Pack.
Right?
That's funny.
Fuck! Fuck.
Sammy? Your comms are cutting out.
Sammy. Sammy?
Fuck!
- What is it?
- There's bodies!
Bodies in the pool!
What?
Shit!
Peter!
I got a splinter on my finger.
A huge one from the stupid stick.
A little more concerned
with the bodies in the pool. Peter.
How many bodies we talking.
like two? Three?
Oh. shit.
Peter. stop fucking around.
Vampire on my ass!
Vampire!
Take that.
All right. I got her trapped
in the upstairs hallway. so--
Holy fuck! Vampire!
Holy Sh-- Oh. shit!
- Ugh. What the fuck?
- I'm here.
Oh. shit.
Oh.
Oh. God.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. shit!
Oh.
What color are my eyes. Frank?
Sammy. Sammy. help me.
Sammy. Sammy. help.
Uh...
Come on.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
She's fucking flying!
Fuck! What the fuck?
Fucking--
Joey!
I can't hold her much longer. Come on!
Do it now. come on.
Joey. Jesus fucking Christ.
come on!
Joey. Joey.
Fucking bitch!
I'll kill you fucking fucks.
I'll rip your fucking heads off
and gorge myself on your blood.
Yeah?
Oh. yes.
Sammy?
What the fuck is gonna happen to me?
How do you feel?
I feel like I got bit
by a fucking vampire.
What the fuck is gonna happen to me? Huh?
What's gonna happen to me?
I don't know.
Yeah.
We want to talk.
Please. Please let me out.
I'm scared.
Cut the shit.
You're really good
at pretending to be a little girl.
Thank you.
I've had a few centuries of experience.
Tell us how to get out of here.
and we'll let you go.
No.
Hey! What's gonna happen to me?
Am I gonna turn into a vampire?
Maybe.
Oh. my God.
- Oh. my God. she said maybe.
- It's okay.
Listen. little lady--
Ma'am-- Whatever.
We're very sorry. okay?
We didn't know who you were.
We thought you were just
a regular 12-year-old girl.
You were gonna beat me and torture me.
when you thought I was just
a regular 12-year-old girl.
Yeah. well--
Like I say. we're very sorry.
We would never have taken you
if we knew who your father was.
You did work for him. didn't you?
Haven't you wondered
why I brought you all here?
You brought us here?
Jesus Christ.
There was never any money.
I planned all of this.
Lambert works for me.
- What are you talking about?
- Don't you know?
Jessie.
What did you just call me?
Jessica Hurney.
You started your career siphoning money
from your affluent parents' bank accounts.
Hedge funds came next.
then private offshore accounts.
and eventually. much bigger fish.
One in particular.
I can give it back.
Terence Lacroix.
Muscle for the Montreal Broussard family.
Did it bore you. snapping necks for pay?
Enduring endless taunts
from your colleagues
about your stunted intellect?
Is that why you stole from your crew?
Who just happened to be
a tiny subsidiary of our empire?
How long did the money last.
you weak. disloyal inebriate?
Former detective. Adam Barrett.
You thought you could infiltrate
our New York arm under deep cover.
But you liked the life a little too much.
didn't you?
The power you had when you were free
of rules and regulations.
It became an addiction.
How empty did you feel
when you finally arrested
our three lieutenants
you'd worked so hard to get close to?
And how empty did you feel
after I ripped up their bodies
in the hotel penthouse because of you?
You changed your name. you left town.
and you never saw your family again.
But it wasn't for their safety.
was it. Detective Barrett?
Finally. we have
the tragic Ana Lucia Cruz.
Former Army medic drummed out of service
for shooting up Uncle Sam's morphine.
I was injured in the field.
You tried to take care of your son.
before abandoning him
to his fuckup of a father.
Shut up.
You became an underground doctor
for some very shady people.
But one day you were just too high
to do your job.
And instead of removing a bullet.
you nicked an artery.
and someone very important
to my father's business bled out.
But you and Detective Barrett
have something in common.
You never went back for your son.
Shut the fuck up!
And what do you tell yourself. huh?
That you wanna be
your daddy's little errand girl?
No. he did lose interest in you.
That wasn't a lie.
How many of your father's enemies
do you think you're gonna have to kill
until he loves you again?
If this is about revenge.
why didn't you just kill us?
Why'd you bring us here?
Because it isn't.
This is just a game to her.
Bullshit. She was screaming at the house.
And Dad triggered the alarm.
That wasn't even her father.
That wasn't Lazaar.
And for what.
because you're fucking bored?
For your fucking entertainment?
What can I say?
I like playing with my food.
You're the same
as all the other meat sacks
I've brought here over the years.
Nothing different about any of you.
Nothing special.
Just something to help me pass the time.
Quick question.
Who's inside a cage right now?
If you let me out.
I'll let two of you live.
Which two?
- What?
- It's a surprise.
Fuck this. Let's just kill her now.
You tried that. Frank.
If you would like to open this door
and try again. please do.
My offer just expired.
Now I'll only let one of you live.
Whoever lets me out.
She's fuckin' lying. moron.
You touch that door.
you're as dead as the rest of us.
Maybe it's worth a try.
We have her. Peter.
That's why we did this.
so we can trade her for our lives.
That will never happen.
Joey was right.
No matter how many of you I kill.
my father doesn't love me.
And he's not gonna trade anything for me.
So go on. Peter. let me out.
Goon
Peter. if you touch that door.
I will shoot you.
I'm sorry. guys.
- Ah! You shot me! You shot me!
- Oh. my God.
I barely grazed you. Now give me
your gun so I can patch you up.
You're sure crazy.
I prefer impatient.
Frank. help me out.
Sammy. watch her.
Fuck that shit. Mm-mmm.
Sammy?
I'm not staying down here with that.
Fuck that shit. Joey.
I got this.
Fine.
Ow!
- Are you okay?
- Getting shot hurts. Sammy.
Oh. fuck.
The offer still stands. Frank.
Open the door
and I'll let you keep all your blood.
Organs too.
Sure.
I'm serious. You could be useful to us.
Why don't you tell me
how to get the fuck out of here.
and I'll consider it.
If I told you. you'd just leave me here.
You first.
You know what?
My offer just expired.
Have fun spending eternity
in a fuckin' elevator.
Wait.
I'll tell you.
But you have to let me out
immediately after I do.
All right. fine.
It's a deal.
There's a secret door in the library.
The bookshelf on the right wall.
And Then There Were None.
Very good.
Thanks.
Wait.
A deal's a deal.
Oh. right.
The deal.
Ain't I a silly Billy?
Still gullible at your age.
you fuckin' freak?
What's so fuckin' funny?
- The library.
- Oh. shit.
Fuck. fuck. fuck.
You looking for some light reading. Frank?
Shut the fuck up.
And Then There Were None.
Agatha fucking Christie.
Yeah. you fucking playing me?
You fucking ballerina fuck!
Stupid fucking dancing
fucking vampire. Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck!
You good?
So what the fuck now?
She was already healing.
You saw it too.
Keep an eye on the door.
Stay in the light.
Grab something.
We're gonna break through this wall.
Will you fucking stop already?
It's not going anywhere.
She's waiting for it to get dark.
and then we're fucked.
Fuck!
Goddamn it.
Aw. you run out of candy?
I'm scared.
Was that true?
What she said about your son.
That you left him?
Yeah.
But I got clean.
And I was gonna go back for him.
That was--
That is the plan.
That's good.
How often do you get to talk to him?
I tried calling him.
I just...
I can't do it.
That's why I took this job.
With that money.
I can start over. you know?
A reset.
Boo-hoo. Fucking bullshit.
It's not about the money.
The money is an excuse.
You didn't go back 'cause you're scared
of being a piece of shit mother.
God! Everybody's gotta be
a fucking victim now.
"Aw. I left 'cause I was on drugs.
I was on drugs 'cause I got hurt."
Own your fucking shit.
and go and be a mother to that kid.
Oh. I'm sorry. did I hit a fucking nerve?
"Reset."
Oh. my God.
I don't need to hack the locks.
I just need to find a power source.
And if I can find the power source.
then we can just short it.
What. are you gonna
unplug the fucking house?
Okay. we search the house.
Two teams.
And we don't stop until we find it.
Well. who's going with Twilight here?
I'll go with you.
I. uh. saw your reflection
in this earlier.
Oh. my God.
Let's go.
Fuck this job.
Fucking dream team.
Oh. no. no. Stay close.
I got you.
Not seeing anything yet.
What about you guys?
Eh. nothing.
Stay alert. She's toying with us.
There is nothing here.
You got any other bright ideas. Nosferatu?
Goddamn it! Why did you all listen to me?
This isn't gonna work.
This is so fucking stupid.
Sammy. listen to me.
You got people out there
that you care about?
Hmm?
Sammy...
I have people too.
So. you and me.
we're gonna go find that power source.
We're gonna get the fuck out of here.
- You think so?
- Yes!
- Yeah?
- You and me.
You're my friend.
Okay.
Jessica.
Help.
Jessica. you're mine.
Huh.
Well. there's nothing here.
But don't worry because--
Sammy?
Huh.
Peter...
You drink too much.
Sammy! Sammy! Sammy!
Sammy is not here.
D Blood and tears D
Help. She's on the east side.
Fuck! Shit!
Sammy. we're on our way!
♪ You cry a thousand tears ♪
♪ Darling. don't despair ♪
♪ I know your heart still bleeds ♪
♪ Darling. don't you care ♪
♪ There's blood ♪
♪ In your ♪
♪ Tears ♪
♪ You cry a thousand tears ♪
♪ Darling. don't despair ♪
♪ I know your heart still bleeds ♪
♪ Darling. don't you care ♪
♪ There's blood ♪
♪ In your fears ♪
Sammy!
♪ Blood and tears ♪
Oh. no! Oh. no.
Sammy?
He's dead!
She got him.
Oh. no.
What happened?
She's still in here.
Come over here.
Fine.
- Run.
- What?
Run!
Fuck! Oh. Shit. Oh. shit.
Here! Here!
I always hated this room.
My father turned me in here.
Lot of painful memories.
But it's never too late to make new ones.
Holy shit.
That was fucking-- Whoa.
Now what do we do
about the real fucking problem?
- Well. that's a--
- Trap?
What the fuck else are we gonna do?
Hold on. now. You forgot about me.
You don't want me to do you.
What you mean? This is fun.
You're not a professional.
I'm the best
motherfuckin' wheelman in this town.
I didn't say you weren't good.
I said you're not a professional.
You've got loose wiring.
Probably a sociopath.
And you are a junkie.
Cop knows a junkie.
Your little candy affectation.
Long sleeves. The way
you don't wanna have a drink with us.
You in recovery or something?
What the fuck. you backstabbing son of a--
Oh. fuck!
You're one of them! He's one of them!
No shit. Frank.
What the fuck is happening. motherfucker?
I brought you back here
to offer you a deal.
We're not taking any fucking deals.
I wasn't talking to you.
Shit.
You fucking set me up.
Abigail turned me two years ago.
She found out I helped you in New York.
She came for me
and threatened my family.
Now all I do is bring
her father's enemies here
so that she can play
her little hunting game.
But I am done.
What's your fucking point?
You can die here.
or you can help me kill Abigail.
Help me take her and you can
have anything you fucking want.
But you'll need a little upgrade.
I'm not gonna become a fucking puppet
like Sammy. Fuck no!
No. You'd be just like me.
You get the complete treatment.
Total autonomy.
Frank.
I've told Lazaar there's a problem.
He's on his way.
We'll kill the girl.
We'll kill her father.
and we'll take over
the whole fucking thing.
Frank. please.
Fuck it.
Bite me.
Fuck!
Drink. Yes. drink.
And you'll be one of us.
Yes.
Oh. You're still with us.
Frank.
Meet your first victim.
That's for setting me up.
you undead prick.
Oh. yeah!
I feel fucking great.
Frank.
I told you not to fuck with me.
Please.
You better fuckin' run.
So you found Lambert.
Did he try to convince you to take it all
before you killed him?
Our game ends here.
I've made sure of that.
No! Fuck!
I fuckin' hate ballet.
Hello?
Hey. Caleb. It's Morn.
Gotcha! Ha ha.
Can't come to the phone right now.
but leave a message.
I...
I love you so much...
and I'm so proud of you.
You're the one good--
You're the one good thing I did in life.
And I just needed you to hear that.
I love you so much.
my sweet. sweet boy.
And I always have.
Aw.
Sorry to interrupt.
It's a little late to be a good mom now.
don't you think?
You fuckin' junkie.
I'm gonna fucking kill you. Frank.
Oh. yeah?
Why don't you just kill me?
Where's the fun in that?
You want to have some fun?
All right.
Let's have some fun.
I'm gonna make you my fuckin' puppet.
And then. we're gonna
go see that kid of yours.
And I'm gonna make you kill him.
I'm too weak to take him alone.
Help me kill him. and I'll let you go.
You can see your son again.
♪ I got the whole fuckin' world
In my hands ♪
Well. well. well.
Look who came to join the party.
If you want to kill me.
you have to drain me.
Wait there.
Isn't this fun?
No. No.
You ready to join the team?
Oh. yeah.
Wakey-wakey. little puppet.
Oh. hey there.
I think it's time to play...
my game!
Frank says.
"Pick it up."
Frank says. “Get the fuck up."
Frank says. "Kill the girl."
You little fuck!
You don't fucking quit!
You thought you could just
make her your puppet?
Here's the thing
about being a vampire. Frank.
It takes a long fucking time
to learn how to do all the cool shit.
Oh. fu--
Thank you.
No problem.
Am I...
You're fine. now that he's dead.
Um...
I think I'm gonna...
Yeah.
I hope you get Justin back.
It's Caleb.
I know.
For what it's worth.
you just have to show up.
Father!
Lazaar.
I've gone by many names
over the countless years.
Father. don't!
- I can smell your blood.
- You don't understand!
- I can taste it.
- Please. stop!
She saved my life!
Abigail!
She was here
when you weren't.
I came when you needed me.
Oh...
I'm here now.
Mmm.
I think you should leave.
It's getting...
awfully close...
to dinner time.
See you around. Joey.
What the fuck?